hi there and welcome to the crosstown
classic in st. Charles Illinois for
Comcast see 100 hi I'm Erin Byrne and
tonight on the court at the mashup
between the North Stars from st. Charles
North and the Fighting Saints from st.
Charles East but right now it's time to
take a look at the matchup off the court
in our game of the week
battle of the fans say Charles
northeastern new school st. Charles II
system it's the old school and pretty
much we dominate everything we're the
best
we've Charles for the past in the was
going to be victorious and we're gonna
win the game and we have the money and
it's just like but it's one point in
time we're like even though we're
valuable schools we all come together as
one
this atmosphere is nothing else like it
it's awesome with the parents that we
have at st. Charles East there's nothing
else like so much fun definitely our
team we've had kind of a different
season this year we're like twelve and
six but definitely snacks I check needs
to step up tonight Josh Micah's had a
slam dunk that was phenomenal and
sophomore at Kyle Nelson had a stuff
earlier so that was pretty impressive
we definitely have a better mascot I
mean they're the North Stars and they
have a polar bear I don't understand
that at all we're like the Saints and
they're like a saint it's like a saint
so ours definitely fits our school a lot
better Polaris is our not Big Bear
because we are the North Stars all the
astronomy stuff it gets really
complicated I want to confuse anyone but
Belarus North Star you know st. Charles
North North Stars that doesn't make
sense they're a star we're the Fighting
Saints we got Sir Charles
wherever Sir Charles is you saw around
here somewhere he's the greatest they
have the Burger King guy how can you not
pick the King at st. Charles ease for
the king of all the sport my opinion is
if you put a saint and a Polaris and a
cage together the players would come out
on top
but I mean compared to North's we have
so much more we have numbers we have
shakers and we just have so much more
school spirit I mean they're not even
getting up no matter like who we're
playing we like everyone comes to
support our team we're always loud and
always sharing always wearing the same
color trying to make us stand out
we got the most spirit we have the most
fun and we got the most tradition we
rule say Charles okay so who do you like
more tonight the st. Charles
fighting thanks for the st. Charles
North North Stars
be sure to the each week for our game
going battle to the fans on podcast the
video on demand caste 100 I'm Aaron turn
you